# bedrock-web-wallet ChangeLog

## 8.2.0 - 2022-08-11

### Added
- Add support for credentials without an `id` property.

### Changed
- Use `@bedrock/web-vc-store@7.4` to get storage features for VCs without
  `id` property.

## 8.1.1 - 2022-06-03

### Fixed
- Changed default store option to add bundle contents first *as a bug fix*.

## 8.1.0 - 2022-06-03

### Added
- Add `options` section to `credentialStore[<store name>]`. These options
  will be passed to the store when it is constructed and should be set
  before initializing the wallet.

### Changed
- Update `@bedrock/web-vc-store` to v7.3 to get additional features.

## 8.0.0 - 2022-05-30

### Changed
- **BREAKING**: Update peer deps:
  - Use `@bedrock/web-pouch-edv@6`.
- **BREAKING**: This version uses the new `indexeddb` adapter for better
  performance and concurrency with the pouch EDV implementation. Old
  pouch EDV storage will be made obsolete and not migrated or deleted;
  new storage will be created.

## 7.3.0 - 2022-05-29

### Changed
- Allow `profileId` to be optionally specified when starting an inbox
  VC exchange; otherwise fallback to the default behavior of using
  the first profile on the authenticated account.
- Perform more steps in parallel when performing an inbox VC exchange to
  improve performance.

## 7.2.1 - 2022-05-26

### Fixed
- Ensure profile cache is updated after changing profile content on
  initial profile creation.

## 7.2.0 - 2022-05-17

### Changed
- Use profile cache, if available, when processing inbox. Update
  `@bedrock/web-profile-manager@17.1` peer dep to get profile cache feature.

## 7.1.0 - 2022-05-12

### Changed
- Optimistically fetch VCs during reissuance to reduce waiting on network
  in common cases.

## 7.0.0 - 2022-05-05

### Changed
- **BREAKING**: Use `@digitalbazaar/edv-client@14` with new blind attribute
  version. This version must be paired against
  `@bedrock/web-profile-manager@17` and
  `@bedrock/web-pouch-edv@5` which are incompatible with
  previous versions without performing a migration of all EDV documents from
  blind attribute version 1 to version 2.

## 6.1.2 - 2022-05-03

### Fixed
- Fix parsing of local EDV ID.

## 6.1.1 - 2022-05-03

### Fixed
- Do not wait for non-critical deletion of VCs post reissue.

## 6.1.0 - 2022-04-22

### Added
- Add wallet inbox utilities.

## 6.0.1 - 2022-04-19

### Fixed
- Ensure remote container VC is deleted when no photo credential is present.

## 6.0.0 - 2022-04-18

### Changed
- **BREAKING**: Updated peer dependencies:
  - `@bedrock/web-profile-manager@16`.
- **BREAKING**: This version of the library only works with a server that
  supports backend profile provisioning and access management initialization.
  A server that previously did not support this can be updated to support it
  by installing `@bedrock/profile@17` and `@bedrock/profile-http@16`. This
  upgrade should not change the database structure but will result in removing
  any old profiles that are determined to be broken / unusable, enabling
  users to move beyond any bugs generated by the old corrupted state.
- **BREAKING**: Profile options must be passed separately from profile content
  in `createProfile`.

### Removed
- Remove unused `config.wallet.defaults.edvs.users` config variable.

## 5.0.0 - 2022-04-10

### Changed
- **BREAKING**: Rename package to `@bedrock/web-wallet`.
- **BREAKING**: Convert to module (ESM).

## 4.3.2 - 2022-04-07

### Fixed
- Delete remote age VC if personal photo is missing during reissue.

## 4.3.1 - 2022-04-06

### Fixed
- Handle corrupted or invalidated age VCs during reissue process.

## 4.3.0 - 2022-03-27

### Changed
- Update peer deps:
  - `bedrock-web-profile-manager@14`.

## 4.2.0 - 2022-03-18

### Changed
- Remove unused config vars.

## 4.1.0 - 2022-03-10

### Changed
- Improve age VC refresh code. If a local bundled age VC does
  not match the remote copy, remove it and refresh the remote
  copy.

## 4.0.0 - 2022-03-10

### Changed
- **BREAKING**: Use `@digitalbazaar/age-verification-context@2`.

## 3.0.2 - 2022-03-09

### Fixed
- Ensure VC AV bundle is deleted if container VC ID was not given
  as reissue param.

## 3.0.1 - 2022-03-09

### Fixed
- Ensure `id` is set when passed to credential storage `delete`.

## 3.0.0 - 2022-03-01

### Changed
- **BREAKING**: Use `@digitalbazaar/webkms-client@10` and
  `@digitalbazaar/edv-client@13`.
- **BREAKING**: Require `bedrock-web-profile-manager@13` and
  `bedrock-web-pouch-edv@3` as a peer dependencies.

## 2.1.0 - 2022-02-23

### Added
- Add `inbox` EDV on profile creation.

## 2.0.0 - 2022-02-23

### Changed
- **BREAKING**: Use `bedrock-web-profile-manager@12`,
  `@digitalbazaar/edv-client@12`, and `bedrock-web-pouch-edv@2`. These new
  versions compute encrypted indexes for EDVs differently (more privacy
  preserving) and are therefore incompatible with previous versions.

## 1.2.1 - 2022-02-23

### Fixed
- Fix cache key for profile EDVs (add `referenceIdPrefix` to namespace).

## 1.2.0 - 2022-02-21

### Changed
- Use `@digitalbazaar/age-verification-context` v1.0. This new package
  offers the same feature and API as the old dependency.

## 1.1.0 - 2022-02-21

### Changed
- Remove `_getReferenceId()` from `lib/config.js`.
- Move `onboardLink` to config.

### Added
- Add missing dependencies.

## 1.0.3 - 2022-02-16

### Fixed
- Ensure photo VC is rebundled during age VC reissuance.

## 1.0.2 - 2022-02-16

### Fixed
- Fix typo in `reissue` query.

## 1.0.1 - 2022-02-15

### Fixed
- Fix local credential query bugs.
- Fix bundle filtering bugs.

## 1.0.0 - 2020-02-10

- See git history for changes.
